[docs] include upload logic in EAS migration doc (#17345)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/migrating.md

This often results in massive reductions in app size; managed apps built with EAS Build can be in the order of 10x smaller than the same app built with `expo build` ([learn why](https://blog.expo.dev/expo-managed-workflow-in-2021-5b887bbf7dbb)). The tradeoff here is that you need to be careful when publishing updates in order to avoid publishing an incompatible JavaScript bundle. Learn more in [updates](/build/updates.md).

### Only files in your project folder that are not gitignored are uploaded to the build server

> Because EAS Build builds your full app, both the native part and the JavaScript part, on the server, it uses a different mechanism to upload your project files to the server than classic builds. Read more: ["How projects are uploaded to EAS Build
> "](https://expo.fyi/eas-build-archive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 EAS Build builds your app like other CI services — in short, the entire project is uploaded securely to the cloud, then it is downloaded by a build server, the dependencies are installed, and the build is run ([learn more](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/ios-builds/)). Everything needed to build your app must be included in the project that is uploaded. The default mechanism for packaging your project is roughly equivalent to `git clone --depth 1`, and so anything that is in your `.gitignore` will not be uploaded (learn more in ["How projects are uploaded to EAS Build"](https://expo.fyi/eas-build-archive)).
 
 Developers often run into this with their "Google Services File", which they reference in their **app.json** / **app.config.js** but ignore in git. If anything in your project is gitignored but necessary for a successful build, you can either remove it from `.gitignore` and commit it, or [encode with base64 and store in EAS Secrets, then decode at build time](https://github.com/expo/fyi/blob/main/eas-build-archive.md#how-can-i-upload-files-to-eas-build-if-they-are-gitignored).
```

we should write up a

This often results in massive reductions in app size; managed apps built with EAS Build can be in the order of 10x smaller than the same app built with `expo build` ([learn why](https://blog.expo.dev/expo-managed-workflow-in-2021-5b887bbf7dbb)). The tradeoff here is that you need to be careful when publishing updates in order to avoid publishing an incompatible JavaScript bundle. Learn more in [updates](/build/updates.md).

> ### Only files in your project folder that are not gitignored are uploaded to the build server

Author: ```suggestion
### Only files in your project folder that are not ignored in git are uploaded to the build server
```

> ### Only files in your project folder that are not gitignored are uploaded to the build server

Reviewer 2: "Ignored in Git" looks fine too, but please start with uppercase letter. 😉 
* https://git-scm.com/

 EAS Build builds your app like other CI services — in short, the entire project is uploaded securely to the cloud, then it is downloaded by a build server, the dependencies are installed, and the build is run ([learn more](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/ios-builds/)). Everything needed to build your app must be included in the project that is uploaded. The default mechanism for packaging your project is roughly equivalent to `git clone --depth 1`, and so anything that is in your `.gitignore` will not be uploaded (learn more in ["How projects are uploaded to EAS Build"](https://expo.fyi/eas-build-archive)).
 

>  Developers often run into this with their "Google Services File", which they reference in their **app.json** / **app.config.js** but ignore in git. If anything in your project is gitignored but necessary for a successful build, you can either remove it from `.gitignore` and commit it, or [encode with base64 and store in EAS Secrets, then decode at build time](https://github.com/expo/fyi/blob/main/eas-build-archive.md#how-can-i-upload-files-to-eas-build-if-they-are-gitignored).

Author: One is now 'ignored on Git', the other is 'ignored by Git'. I think I'm sticking with gitignored for both for now.
